create type angel 3 1 name str alias str affiliation str
create record angel Tyrael ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael456456456 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael75867 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael34536 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael234243 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael35345 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael36 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael12344 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael123123 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael22 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael222 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael2222 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael1111 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael111 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael11 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael9999 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael999 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael99 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael9 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael88 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael6 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael5 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael7 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael4 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael3 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw
create record angel Tyrael2 ArchangelOfJustice HighHeavensw